refactor(curriculum): update calorie counter project steps 1 - 37 (#54231)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63bf511b85b6082e54dc1573.md

---
id: 63bf511b85b6082e54dc1573
title: Step 24
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-24
---

# --description--

> JavaScript has a `.replace()` method which allows you to replace characters in the string with another string. The `.replace()` method takes two arguments. The first is the character sequence to replace – this can either be a string or a regex pattern. The second is the string to replace that sequence with. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript provides a `.replace()` method that enables you to replace characters in a string with another string. This method accepts two arguments. The first argument is the character sequence to be replaced, which can be either a string or a regex pattern. The second argument is the string that replaces the matched sequence.
```
